like a bye-bye MacGyver which had been a
man singing background I'm here with a
plus-size open of the day it's candy
from the candy show it's raining it's
dark it's dingy in September and so I've
got a real casual outfit today designed
for running around and getting getting
some things done you know in the bad
weather and sometimes I find as a
plus-size girl it's much easier to dress
up than it is to dress down you know you
dress up you put out an empire waist
dress and you feel great and you look
great sometimes when you want to rest
dress down it's a little harder to hide
those things you want to hide and I'm
not perfect at it but I've working at it
for a while so i'll share with you what
i did today so i guess i'll start at the
very bottom I wear a lot of chuck taylor
converse all-stars and today i'm wearing
my purple leather ones and i just really
like chancla like we're even without
socks because i feel like they make my
ankles look a little smaller I'm wearing
for jeans these are actually additional
genes and they were regular but do I
feel a dog around my feet nope they were
regular life jeans and they had kind of
a flare on them which I didn't really
like how that made me look and the
capris because I'm five foot ten make me
look too short so what I did is I had
them the regular length jeans I have
them shortened I had the maid tighter
through my calf and then I had these
cuffs sewn right into them so that it
looks um it makes my legs look longer
because they go further down the leg and
it doesn't make my legs look so big
because her a little bit more
form-fitting underneath my cardigan I'm
just wearing a cute little gray candy
and I got that at addition Elle and then
this cardigan I actually picked up I was
away on business and I was chilly I
hadn't dressed for the weather and I
dipped into walmart and I got this for
1999 now it has loops for the belt way
down low but because I'm baked to the
middle that would
look attractive so I take the belt out
of the loops and I just tuck it up under
my boobs which is the smallest part of
my body and then I try to make sure that
this bottom part stays closed hiding
what I want to hide but that emit a
little peekaboo on the girls up top and
it's really nice and warm it's a
wonderful cardigan for this time of the
year around my neck I'm wearing just a
fun neck lace quite heavy that I got at
addition Elle and I'm styling that with
my wedding ring and my Rolex and this
lovely ring that I got it winners and
just some hoop earrings which I can't
even remember where I got those I've had
them for so long and I'm carrying my
roots messenger bag this is a buttery
soft bag if you're shorter than I am or
less round than I am you can wear it
crossbody I'll put it crossbody but i'll
show you that i no see because I'm so
tall and big it sits a little too high I
don't like how it makes my body look but
if I were a couple inches shorter or a
little bit smaller around the middle I
could easily wear that crossbody but I
certainly enjoy wearing it just over my
shoulder and I can make it longer or
turn so thank you for watching the help
button spend someone helpful my casual
plus-size outfit of the day for a rainy
rainy fall day 10 years old if it's in
their soul